data/study search/database search/raw/Google Scholar search/README.md, before:

# Raw data from Google Scholar database search

Here you find the original data we retrieved from [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/).

## Search query and software used:

We entered the following search queries into the Google Scholar database using the software [Publish or perish]() (Harzing, A.W. (2007) Publish or Perish, available from https://harzing.com/resources/publish-or-perish; Version: 8.8.4275, 11 January 2023) and retrieved the maximum number of results for each query. Note that according to Google it should be possible to retrieve a maximum of 1000 results per search, in practice however, for most queries we received a server error when trying to retrieve more than 980 results.

### Queries: 

- `Effect of “monetary policy” on “industrial production”`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on “economic growth”`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on the “price level”`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on the CPI`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on output`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on inflation`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on GDP`
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on employment`
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on unemployment`
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on the "GDP deflator"`
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on "economic activity"`

## Files: 

- The `.pxa` files are the original archieved files of our Google Scholar searches through Publish or perish. You need to install Publish or perish in order to open these files.
- The `.ris` and `.csv` files are the converted versions of the `.pxa`files for use in bibliographic software (`.ris`) and for easy access (`.csv`) to our raw data.

Commit message:

Update of GS search info.

data/study search/database search/raw/Google Scholar search/README.md, after:

# Raw data from Google Scholar database search

Here you find the original data we retrieved from [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/).

## Search query and software used:

We entered the following search queries into the Google Scholar database using the software [Publish or perish]() (Harzing, A.W. (2007) Publish or Perish, available from https://harzing.com/resources/publish-or-perish; Version: 8.8.4275, 11 January 2023) and retrieved the maximum number of results for each query. Note that according to Google it should be possible to retrieve a maximum of 1000 results per search, in practice however, for most queries we received a server error when trying to retrieve more than 980 results.

### Queries: 

The date of the search and the retrieved results are given in paranthesis.

- `Effect of “monetary policy” on “industrial production”` (date of search: 7 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on “economic growth”` (date of search: 8 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on the “price level”` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on the CPI` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 1000)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on output` (date of search: 7 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on inflation` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on GDP` (date of search: 7 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of “monetary policy” on employment` (date of search: 8 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on unemployment` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 980)
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on the "GDP deflator"` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 990)
- `Effect of "monetary policy" on "economic activity"` (date of search: 9 February 2023; results: 980)

Total number of results from our Google Scholar search: 10810

## Files: 

- The `.pxa` files are the original archieved files of our Google Scholar searches through Publish or perish. You need to install Publish or perish in order to open these files.
- The `.ris` and `.csv` files are the converted versions of the `.pxa`files for use in bibliographic software (`.ris`) and for easy access (`.csv`) to our raw data.
