data/study search/database search/raw/EconLit search/README.md, before:

# Raw data from EconLit database search

Here you find the original data we retrieved from the  [EconLit database](https://www.aeaweb.org/econlit/).

## Search query and options:

We entered the following search query into the EconLit database: 

`monetary policy shocks AND (“industrial production” OR output OR GDP OR “economic growth” OR “economic activity” OR employment OR unemployment OR inflation OR “price level” OR “GDP deflator” OR CPI)`

Additionally, we choose the search mode “Find all my search terms” and the expander “Apply equivalent subjects” in the advanced search options.

## Persistent link to our EconLit search: 

[https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=eoh&bquery=monetary+policy+shocks+AND+(+(%e2%80%9cindustrial+production%e2%80%9d+OR+output+OR+GDP+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+growth%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+activity%e2%80%9d+OR+employment+OR+unemployment+OR+inflation+OR+%e2%80%9cprice+level%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9cGDP+deflator%e2%80%9d+OR+CPI)+)&type=1&searchMode=And&site=ehost-live](https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=eoh&bquery=monetary+policy+shocks+AND+(+(%e2%80%9cindustrial+production%e2%80%9d+OR+output+OR+GDP+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+growth%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+activity%e2%80%9d+OR+employment+OR+unemployment+OR+inflation+OR+%e2%80%9cprice+level%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9cGDP+deflator%e2%80%9d+OR+CPI)+)&type=1&searchMode=And&site=ehost-live)

You need a subscription or institutional access to EconLit to open this link.

## Files: 

- The `.zip` [file](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/38ecfbf0-25c0-4cfb-bd0e-5fc4bbe0c62e.zip) is the original file as retrieved from EconLit.
- The `.ris` [file](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/EL%20-%20Query%20-%20monetary%20policy%20shocks%20AND%20(%E2%80%9Cindustrial%20production%E2%80%9D%20OR%20output%20OR%20GDP%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20growth%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20activity%E2%80%9D%20OR%20employment%20OR%20unemployment%20OR%20inflation%20OR%20%E2%80%9Cprice%20level%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9CGDP%20deflator%E2%80%9D%20OR%20CPI).ris) is the unzipped version of the original file and can be opened with bibliographic software.
- We also provide the converted `.csv` [version](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/EL%20-%20Query%20-%20monetary%20policy%20shocks%20AND%20(%E2%80%9Cindustrial%20production%E2%80%9D%20OR%20output%20OR%20GDP%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20growth%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20activity%E2%80%9D%20OR%20employment%20OR%20unemployment%20OR%20inflation%20OR%20%E2%80%9Cprice%20level%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9CGDP%20deflator%E2%80%9D%20OR%20CPI).csv) of the original file for ease of access.

Commit message:

Update of EL search info.

data/study search/database search/raw/EconLit search/README.md, after:

# Raw data from EconLit database search

Here you find the original data we retrieved from the  [EconLit database](https://www.aeaweb.org/econlit/).

## Search query and options:

We entered the following search query into the EconLit database: 

`monetary policy shocks AND (“industrial production” OR output OR GDP OR “economic growth” OR “economic activity” OR employment OR unemployment OR inflation OR “price level” OR “GDP deflator” OR CPI)`

Additionally, we choose the search mode “Find all my search terms” and the expander “Apply equivalent subjects” in the advanced search options.

Total results from our EconLit search: 7455 bibliographic entries.

Date of search: 9 February 2023

## Persistent link to our EconLit search: 

[https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=eoh&bquery=monetary+policy+shocks+AND+(+(%e2%80%9cindustrial+production%e2%80%9d+OR+output+OR+GDP+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+growth%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+activity%e2%80%9d+OR+employment+OR+unemployment+OR+inflation+OR+%e2%80%9cprice+level%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9cGDP+deflator%e2%80%9d+OR+CPI)+)&type=1&searchMode=And&site=ehost-live](https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=eoh&bquery=monetary+policy+shocks+AND+(+(%e2%80%9cindustrial+production%e2%80%9d+OR+output+OR+GDP+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+growth%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9ceconomic+activity%e2%80%9d+OR+employment+OR+unemployment+OR+inflation+OR+%e2%80%9cprice+level%e2%80%9d+OR+%e2%80%9cGDP+deflator%e2%80%9d+OR+CPI)+)&type=1&searchMode=And&site=ehost-live)

You might need a subscription or institutional access to EconLit to open this link.

IMPORTANT NOTE: If you click on this link, the search will be performed again. The number of results is based on the current state of the EconLit database, which will be different from the state at the time of our search. The number of results and the order will therefore most likely be different from the search we performed on 9 February 2023.

## Files: 

- The `.zip` [file](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/38ecfbf0-25c0-4cfb-bd0e-5fc4bbe0c62e.zip) is the original file as retrieved from EconLit.
- The `.ris` [file](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/EL%20-%20Query%20-%20monetary%20policy%20shocks%20AND%20(%E2%80%9Cindustrial%20production%E2%80%9D%20OR%20output%20OR%20GDP%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20growth%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20activity%E2%80%9D%20OR%20employment%20OR%20unemployment%20OR%20inflation%20OR%20%E2%80%9Cprice%20level%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9CGDP%20deflator%E2%80%9D%20OR%20CPI).ris) is the unzipped version of the original file and can be opened with bibliographic software.
- We also provide the converted `.csv` [version](https://github.com/META-CMP/data/blob/main/data/study%20search/database%20search/raw/EconLit%20search/EL%20-%20Query%20-%20monetary%20policy%20shocks%20AND%20(%E2%80%9Cindustrial%20production%E2%80%9D%20OR%20output%20OR%20GDP%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20growth%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9Ceconomic%20activity%E2%80%9D%20OR%20employment%20OR%20unemployment%20OR%20inflation%20OR%20%E2%80%9Cprice%20level%E2%80%9D%20OR%20%E2%80%9CGDP%20deflator%E2%80%9D%20OR%20CPI).csv) of the original file for ease of access.
